Add Godot Gif Getter (#190)
godotengine/awesome-godot: README.md

- [godotccd](https://github.com/TheSHEEEP/godotccd) - Fast 3D collision checks in Godot using libccd.
- [godotdetour](https://github.com/TheSHEEEP/godotdetour) - A GDNative implementation of the detour/detourcrowd library.
- [Godot GamePad](https://github.com/ACB-prgm/Godot_GamePad) - Allows players to use their mobile devices as controllers.

> - [Godot Gif Getter](https://github.com/you-win/godot-gif-getter) - An ingame utility for recording and saving gifs made in Rust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Godot Gif Getter](https://github.com/you-win/godot-gif-getter) - An in-game utility for recording and saving GIFs (written in GDNative Rust).
```
